[#976 p49 Slycer 2011-09-20] Corvax Sash off Yatagarasu. Didn't get other drop, whatever it may be. Same periapt as other areas surrounding Jeuno (vivid frontiers). Egoist's Tathlum is one of the drops from Cherufe, also gave someone a Kakka: Ichi scroll. Kaikias' Cape/Eurus' Ledelsens off Agathos. Phrenic Torque is one drop from Gugalanna, also gave someone Temper scroll. Jurfu Cloak, Pavor Gauntlets, vivid periapt of concord off Laidly Laurence (also scroll of Curaga V and scrolls of Blizzaja and Comet, thank god its not only WoE/HKC crap).

[#1504 p76 Indigo123 2011-11-07] Anyone got a good strategy for Agathos. Weve got aegis95 pld in group so I'm thinking get them to hold and absorb the magic with support. Then use 4-5 smn as main dd. We tried this once but failed because 2 of our smn got knocked out of arena. is Calamitous Wind stunnable? Could we use earthern armor - sentinels scherzo on DD but with the AOE dispel this may not be reliable. Any other dd good? Im guessing ranged dd are best

[#1505 p76 Lyramion 2011-11-07]  Anyone got a good strategy for Agathos. Weve got aegis95 pld in group so I'm thinking get them to hold and absorb the magic with support. Then use 4-5 smn as main dd. We tried this once but failed because 2 of our smn got knocked out of arena. is Calamitous Wind stunnable? Could we use earthern armor - sentinels scherzo on DD but with the AOE dispel this may not be reliable. Any other dd good? Im guessing ranged dd are best Calamitous Wind is stunable but it´s also 20" Range so even ranged DDs can have trouble. SMNs are okish (800 Heavenly), Mob is big enough that you can do everything to the mob from around 21". While he will use knockback, he will not walk around while doing so like Turtul does. So get into a better position where a knockback doesn´t push people out. Pull it a lil to the side and position everyone towards the vortex. You can carefully DD it with normal DDs but basically you want 1 WHM watching 1 DD to instantly reshell and remove HP down. As far as I remember these mobtypes also have a hatereset throatstab Type move, so 1 Tank won´t be enough.

