[#2425 p122 Kujah2010 2012-03-26] Trying Fjalar at the moment in Chasm, sussed out it pops and add after every Hellsnap and can have up to 3. Real question is how are you guys dealing with them, holding or killing? Also we got wiped by a Meteor around 40%, hit me for 1.8k with shelll...

[#2427 p122 Renzy 2012-03-26]  Trying Fjalar at the moment in Chasm, sussed out it pops and add after every Hellsnap and can have up to 3. Real question is how are you guys dealing with them, holding or killing? Also we got wiped by a Meteor around 40%, hit me for 1.8k with shelll... Fjalar is rocking this shout group I'm in, lol. Add hate seems to be really random, we tried killing them but they continue to repop over and over and figured it was pointless, maybe it's best to just completely ignore them and do the usual proc/zerg method

[#2502 p126 Churchill 2012-03-27] Attowha Chasm - Fjalar I don't think it gains access to Meteor until >25% or >15% If you can keep this proc'd, it is very easy. However, if not, it can become a huge pain in the ass. Saying keep it proc'd is nice to say, but due to the nature of the mob and the fact that his adds spawn like Qilin, Insta-Cast spells, Para, Stun, Stone, Curse, etc, it is easier said than done. Here's what we did: -DD's bring Holy Water, remove curse yourself -Cleric's order -SAM/THF and PLD on Fjalar -DD's run in during proc, take adds if popped -Sacrifice if clerics is down -Fanatics drink --> Fool's under ~20%

[#2506 p126 Mairja 2012-03-27]  Attowha Chasm - Fjalar I don't think it gains access to Meteor until >25% or >15% If you can keep this proc'd, it is very easy. However, if not, it can become a huge pain in the ass. Saying keep it proc'd is nice to say, but due to the nature of the mob and the fact that his adds spawn like Qilin, Insta-Cast spells, Para, Stun, Stone, Curse, etc, it is easier said than done. Here's what we did: -DD's bring Holy Water, remove curse yourself -Cleric's order -SAM/THF and PLD on Fjalar -DD's run in during proc, take adds if popped -Sacrifice if clerics is down -Fanatics drink --> Fool's under ~20% Just tried Fjalar for the first time. He cast Meteor and killed 90% of the alliance when he was at 42%.

[#2509 p126 Renzy 2012-03-27]  Just tried Fjalar for the first time. He cast Meteor and killed 90% of the alliance when he was at 42%. 0/10 on beating that with 2 pickup groups, it's a ridiculous NM. Currently waiting for the Manaclipper to get to Bismarck due to having no VW Warp :D

[#2510 p126 Mairja 2012-03-27]  0/10 on beating that with 2 pickup groups, it's a ridiculous NM. Currently waiting for the Manaclipper to get to Bismarck due to having no VW Warp :D Yeah I've only attempted the new vwnms with pickup groups today - killed the imp and the qutrub, toucan sam whooped our butts, the frog we got to 4% and then I'm not quite sure what happened. Only tried Fjalar the one time and he didn't seem too bad, we got him to 42% fairly quick but then that Meteor just wrecked the alliance. Hoping ls people will actually wake up in time etc so we can try these mobs tomorrow. Have more faith in ls than in pickup groups lol.

[#2526 p127 Churchill 2012-03-27] As far as setup, we've used our private Ig/Rex group with an Ig setup. We did Madrigalx2/Minuet/Marchx2 for the Colibri and only swapped BRDs for that one, both T2's, and Fjalar.

[#2562 p129 Asymptotic 2012-03-28] Strategic Notes: Promathia Route T1 Lufaise Meadows: Abunnunu (Demon) + Gloam Servitor (WAR) and Gloam Servitor (BLM) (Demons) This fight is not hard at all. The WAR pet will sync up TP moves with the main NM, and the BLM pet will cast when the main NM decides to cast (apparently). Either way, you can either zerg the BLM pet, or just have a PLD hold both of them. Uses Accurst Spear which is AoE damage and curse and Hellborn Yawp which is AoE damage and (knockback?). Also uses condemnation (damage + decent duration stun) and possibly other demon TP moves. All NMs have fairly high attack/base damage, but as long as you have fanatics up you won't be taking much damage. Suggested Strategy: Nothing special. Just hold pets, or have DD kill mage pet, and then destroy the main NM. It's probably just easier to hold the pets. You really only need one PLD. Misareaux Coast: Tsui-Goab (Albino Mantis) + Bloodswiller Fly x 2 This is similar to any other mantis fight. It's absolutely essential to hold the flies far away from the main NM. It will use its unique TP move (Exorender) which will kill any fly pets that it hits. If a fly dies at any point, Tsui-Goab will level up. Other than that, this is a standard mantis fight. Proc + kill. Strategy: Hold pets at a considerable distance from NM with a PLD. Other than that, treat like a higher-level Kaggen that doesn't use Death Prophet. Dispel preying posture. Uleguerand Range: Isarukitsck + Little Wingman (x3) Poison potions are a good idea on this NM, but they're not compulsory. The main issue here is the unique move Whiteout which is AoE Zombie, Sleep, and Damage. It also uses Yawn (Gaze sleep), Frigid shuffle (Paralyze), and Beak Lunge. It may also use Wing Whirl and Wing Slap, but I'm not sure. The pets can definitely use these. The pe

[#2564 p129 Mafai 2012-03-28] I did Attowha Chasm: Fjalar + Bloody Skull (up to 3) with a PLD tank holding the mob + skulls fulltime. DD would TP on the skulls by picking one off the PLD and TPing on that. Then WSing only on the main NM. Also zerging with gnostics when white / red are proced. Fight was simple this way.

[#2565 p129 Asymptotic 2012-03-28] I've seen JPs fighting Fjalar that way. I haven't done it that way. My LS is going to do the clears tonight, I may suggest trying that strategy and see if it works out!

[#2576 p129 Tardevil 2012-03-29] Got Corvine Abjuration: Legs off Fjalar. Didn't see it on the Wiki page so figured it might not be known.

[#2618 p131 Draylo 2012-03-31]  Attowha Chasm: Fjalar + Bloody Skull (up to 3) This is the hardest. He likes to do everything he can to prolong the fight. He spawns Bloody Skulls after Hellsnap (AoE Stun) and they cast spells including gaIII and Sleepga. This is problematic. Fjalar also likes to AoE Terror/Damage (Thundris Shriek). His unique moves are Dunur Strike (low AoE Damage) and Bilfrost Squall (high AoE Damage). Cackle inflicts several status effects, most importantly Magic Defense Down. It MUST be removed. Strategy: PLD is not required for this NM. Although there may be working strategies with a PLD on the main NM and DDs killing skulls. I had success as follows: 1.) Ride fools drink, not fanatics drink. Scherzo helps with your ability to do this. 2.) Weaken the NM and buff up as much as possible. Ageha + Dia II(I) + Chaos Roll and damage will go much faster. Only use Bio II+ if it's necessary. 3.) Form a clerics drink order to remove Cackle. TP moves will destroy you with MDEF down up, but won't kill you otherwise for the most part. 4.) Ignore the adds completely, except maybe to TP on after Thundris Shriek (which imparts an intimidation effect). 5.) Just like any other VWNM, if it stays proc'd, it can't hurt you. There's obviously a bit of a luck element in that! Anyone have any other strats for this guy besides this? Preferably ones that don't rely too heavily on an Aegis PLD or luck? lol this guy has been wiping alliances on my server left and right, couple groups have managed to get past him and the pool of people available to join for a clear is shrinking to nothing but gimps. Sooo any tips would be nice. Have tried: A straight zerg, got it to 40% before a zombie fest due to slowing on procs. Having one aegis PLD tank him + adds while BLMs + DD kill any adds that go to another player. 

[#2628 p132 fantasticdan 2012-03-31] I went 1/1 on fjalar in a pug just riding fools and zerging boss. Pld tried to hold adds but he couldn't pull them off people 90% of the time. The adds didn't pop until like 50-60% or something like that for us either, so trying to supertank wouldn't have worked. Last like 15% or so was zombied due to lack of procs.

[#2631 p132 Shenrien 2012-03-31] Best way my LS came up for handling Fjalar and his adds is PLD tanks the main NM, when adds pop, DDs get off and take down the adds, cause they take a very long time to repop and spawn very slowly, first one usually spawning around 40% for us, second around 20%, if we're unlucky we see the third finally pop out before death. We watched one group ride fools drink but when it would wear they hardly took any form of magic damage and were getting destroyed by his TP moves, so we just used fanatics and ate the nukes, never saw meteor but heard that it could cast it instantly, 1/2 on clear because first time we didn't think about killing the adds until they started spamming that breath that goes through fanatics and it was troublesome to keep HP up from that and from his nuke spam, DDs were talking to each other on vent and would cleric's rotation between each other after each cackle, Aegis 99 tanked the main NM with minimal hate issue, damn thing didn't wanna ever come off me.

[#2633 p132 Prothescar 2012-03-31]  Best way my LS came up for handling Fjalar and his adds is PLD tanks the main NM, when adds pop, DDs get off and take down the adds, cause they take a very long time to repop and spawn very slowly, first one usually spawning around 40% for us, second around 20%, if we're unlucky we see the third finally pop out before death. THey spawn every time he uses Hellsnap, so on the contrary you got very lucky only getting three.

[#2638 p132 Djohn 2012-03-31] Go figure I got past Fjalar without too much difficulty in a /shout group (albeit with an aegis PLD and 4 WHMs; DDs focused on adds and jumped on the boss when it was staggered) but the two groups that I've tried that damn colibri with have been wipefests. I think the second one at least suffered from a lack of buffs which was compounded by the inability to use food, but I'm curious what the best strategy is for dealing with the adds. Should the DD just focus them down as they spawn?

[#2646 p133 Kalasin 2012-04-01] The Dvergr isn't that bad if you do it properly.. and the strategy was posted more than once already as well. We had exactly 3 deaths when we did it yesterday and zero problems, and it wasn't a fulltime stagger or straight out zerg one. Use 2 PLDs, a RNG or 2 with a low enmity WS(this would be the hard part about setting it up, while 1 Anni RNG is enough, I doubt a Arma RNG would be) who get BRD+COR buffs, a few DD/BLM to stagger the NM, and the healers. One PLD tanks the main NM. The other one keeps hate on the minis, DD TP on those minis and WS and stagger the main NM only, and zerg during red/white staggers. The RNG(s) are on it fulltime and are the main source of damage. BLM stagger the NM as usual. And to add to the drops, Fjalar drops Penelope's Cloth(used in at least Hexed Jacket, maybe other synths as well).

[#2653 p133 dasva 2012-04-01]  The Dvergr isn't that bad if you do it properly.. and the strategy was posted more than once already as well. We had exactly 3 deaths when we did it yesterday and zero problems, and it wasn't a fulltime stagger or straight out zerg one. Use 2 PLDs, a RNG or 2 with a low enmity WS(this would be the hard part about setting it up, while 1 Anni RNG is enough, I doubt a Arma RNG would be) who get BRD+COR buffs, a few DD/BLM to stagger the NM, and the healers. One PLD tanks the main NM. The other one keeps hate on the minis, DD TP on those minis and WS and stagger the main NM only, and zerg during red/white staggers. The RNG(s) are on it fulltime and are the main source of damage. BLM stagger the NM as usual. And to add to the drops, Fjalar drops Penelope's Cloth(used in at least Hexed Jacket, maybe other synths as well). Well see that isn't just doing it properly it's also luck which has also been stated. Most the time the our other pld couldn't even get hate let alone keep it on the minis. In fact a few of them stayed on me all the way till they died without me touching them. This actually happens a decent amount of the time. Plus the other pld was ochain so kinda got raped when fools went down lol. Also if your rngs are tping and barraging on the main they will get hate regardless. I mean 1 good barrage could cap your hate lol. And ours didn't seem to understand that. Luckily there was 3 of them and we had enough procs where I had fanatics or sentinel up at all times. Also a bit of luck dependent on how fast it spawns and what tp moves it does and timing with spells and/or adds doing stuff. Anyone who says it's easy should try it repeatidly. If you can win regularly then maybe lol

[#2913 p146 Talon 2012-04-05] For anyone who cares: Fjalar Guaranteed Win PT 1: Cor sam drk war sam smn PT 2: Brd sam drk war sam smn PT 3: Whm whm blm sch rng pld Embrava parties soul voice normal zerg songs standard cor rolls one person pop everyone else stands away perfect defense the dd pts grab the horns and enjoy the ride let pld pull adds away and have a whm support them most important part is twilight gear for zombieing DD if it gets hairy make sure you ask if they have twilight gear take care make sure you keep a person alive who can raise Talon

[#2914 p146 Generic 2012-04-05]  For anyone who cares: Fjalar Guaranteed Win PT 1: Cor sam drk war sam smn PT 2: Brd sam drk war sam smn PT 3: Whm whm blm sch rng pld Embrava parties soul voice normal zerg songs standard cor rolls one person pop everyone else stands away perfect defense the dd pts grab the horns and enjoy the ride let pld pull adds away and have a whm support them most important part is twilight gear for zombieing DD if it gets hairy make sure you ask if they have twilight gear take care make sure you keep a person alive who can raise Talon wth >.> you make this seem hard

[#2917 p146 Kalasin 2012-04-05]  For anyone who cares: Fjalar Guaranteed Win PT 1: Cor sam drk war sam smn PT 2: Brd sam drk war sam smn PT 3: Whm whm blm sch rng pld Embrava parties soul voice normal zerg songs standard cor rolls one person pop everyone else stands away perfect defense the dd pts grab the horns and enjoy the ride let pld pull adds away and have a whm support them most important part is twilight gear for zombieing DD if it gets hairy make sure you ask if they have twilight gear take care make sure you keep a person alive who can raise Talon Not sure if serious.

[#2926 p147 Mairja 2012-04-05]  For anyone who cares: Fjalar Guaranteed Win PT 1: Cor sam drk war sam smn PT 2: Brd sam drk war sam smn PT 3: Whm whm blm sch rng pld Embrava parties soul voice normal zerg songs standard cor rolls one person pop everyone else stands away perfect defense the dd pts grab the horns and enjoy the ride let pld pull adds away and have a whm support them most important part is twilight gear for zombieing DD if it gets hairy make sure you ask if they have twilight gear take care make sure you keep a person alive who can raise Talon Fjalar was driving me nuts at one point. Pug after pug and wipe after wipe, even with embrava (and PD too, if I remember right), the lowest any pug I joined ever got it to was 33%. Then my ls finally gets around to doing Tav path and we go 1/1 with less than a full alliance. Go figure.

[#2929 p147 Generic 2012-04-05]  Fjalar was driving me nuts at one point. Pug after pug and wipe after wipe, even with embrava (and PD too, if I remember right), the lowest any pug I joined ever got it to was 33%. Then my ls finally gets around to doing Tav path and we go 1/1 with less than a full alliance. Go figure. Competent groups make all the difference

[#3284 p165 pancakesandsex 2012-05-26] Anyone have any detailed working Fjalar strategies?

[#3285 p165 Draylo 2012-05-27]  Anyone have any detailed working Fjalar strategies? 2 PLDs, one to hold the adds the other to hold Fjalar. One Anni RNG buffed with CORx2(chaos/misers/tact/hunters) + brd(minuets) and have him go to town on the NM with relic ws. Rest of the jobs would be the obvious support and procs. Worked extremely easily the time I got my win.

[#3287 p165 NynJa 2012-05-27]  Anyone have any detailed working Fjalar strategies? lol disregard, all those stupid norse names sound the same

[#3290 p165 ronin sparthos 2012-05-27]  Anyone have any detailed working Fjalar strategies? 2 smn in dd pts 1 sch - Perfect Defense, Embrava. Bye Fjalar.

[#3291 p165 pancakesandsex 2012-05-27]  2 PLDs, one to hold the adds the other to hold Fjalar. One Anni RNG buffed with CORx2(chaos/misers/tact/hunters) + brd(minuets) and have him go to town on the NM with relic ws. Rest of the jobs would be the obvious support and procs. Worked extremely easily the time I got my win. Did you have to do anything special to get the adds off the main nm? The hate is really weird with them.

[#3305 p166 pancakesandsex 2012-05-30] Just to reiterate my orginal question. Could you use a pet job's weird hate mechanics to get the adds off of whoever pops fjalar? I'm thinking of something like, instead of pulling the adds normally, you have the pet attack fjalar himself and then dismiss it to get the adds off, without ever touching the adds.

[#3306 p166 Khamsin 2012-05-30]  Just to reiterate my orginal question. Could you use a pet job's weird hate mechanics to get the adds off of whoever pops fjalar? I'm thinking of something like, instead of pulling the adds normally, you have the pet attack fjalar himself and then dismiss it to get the adds off, without ever touching the adds. The pet doesn't have to attack anything, you just have to release. For example (and I'm using this as an example because I haven't tried it on Fjalar, but I can reproduce it reliably on JoL): JoL summons some new pets, and you have Garuda just chilling with you, not attacking or doing anything. You release Garuda. The newly summoned pets immediately come after you, unless someone else grabs them first. That, I know, happens every time. Whether it works the same on Fjalar or other NMs, I can only assume. I haven't specifically tried doing that in most cases, because it's generally undesirable. Even had an ADL clone come after me for releasing Ramuh after the clones popped. I've had a Pandemonium Warden lamp come after me before. But I haven't tried reproducing the effect in those scenarios, for obvious reasons.

[#3307 p166 SargentRemora 2012-05-30]  Just to reiterate my orginal question. Could you use a pet job's weird hate mechanics to get the adds off of whoever pops fjalar? I'm thinking of something like, instead of pulling the adds normally, you have the pet attack fjalar himself and then dismiss it to get the adds off, without ever touching the adds. If I recall, some of the T1 adds, including Fjalar's spawn with hate, so in this instance I don't think so.

[#3310 p166 Renzy 2012-06-01] Fjalar's adds have very weird hate, I'll have to agree with an Aegis PLD tanking Fjalar and primarily using ranged damage to kill it. If the PLD keeps it positioned correctly and non-anni ranger's exercise a little hate control it'll go down easily. If you're going with a PD Zerg method you're going to have to use Fanatic's also, as Thundris Shriek will still terror you, i'm not sure if Hellsnap will still stun you or not but I'd assume not. In regards to using supertanking methods, using Bismarck as an example I always insist that the PLD (usually me) subs RDM and builds hate on all of the adds just so they're not going to be an issue. Although I very rarely invites SMN's or BST's to a VW group

[#3322 p167 Kaisha 2012-06-16] New weakening items are crazy. PUG group I'm in just steam-rolled Fjalar using only one void cluster. Also don't need item to convert to cell apparently. Got my Toci's finally and it asked if I wanted pulse cell. Makes the new system perhaps a little more viable.

