[#138 p7 Diomer 2011-05-12] Lord Asag is pretty much what you'd expect. Casts Death and Firaja at lower hp; gains access to Nosferatu's Kiss and Nocturnal Servitude under 50% as well. Asag's Wings of Gehanna damage is buffed up a bit; was doing ~600-700 on melees with Shell V. The one thing he doesn't do is use the ST20 shit. Much like every other higher tier NM, he has a decent triple attack rate too. Unfortunately for us we were a bit light on the stunning so it was rather sloppy near the end.

[#230 p12 Reg 2011-05-17] oh also forgot to mention i got Cadushi Grip from Lord Asag, can't tell you what the hp drain does coz i gave it to another ls member right away and went zZzz

[#293 p15 Byrthnoth 2011-05-21] So how many more drops are we expecting from Voidwatch? We think we have a Tier 3 with 3 drops (Kholo) and a Tier 2 with 2 drops (Lorb) If we assume: Tier 1 - 1 drop Tier 2 - 2 drops Tier 3 - 3 drops (or 2 for non-synth mobs) Tier 4 - 4 drops then we're looking at 8 missing drops. This post implies that we're missing 6 drops from Dynamis. This page implies that we're missing 4 drops from brown caskets. Now carved up for your viewing pleasure! 4 drops from Voidwatch (Belphoebe/Melancholic Moira/Lord Asag/Akupara). Scuta Cape - Unknown, probably from Akupara Tefnut Wand - Could be Brown casket like Metasorma Katars (87, many jobs) Tonatiuh Axe - Same as above Anger Bomblet - Could be anywhere Brown Casket: Bond Cape - Toraimarai Brown Casket Field Torque - Brown Casket Cocoon Band - CN Brown Casket (FFFFF I've spent like 5 days there)? Chocobo Rope - Definitely brown casket, which means at least one of the above four isn't. Dynamis-Beauc?: Khthonios Helm - Confirmed Dynamis - Beaucidine Khthonios Mask - See above Khthonios Gloves - See above Chtonic Staff - Possibly boss Avesta Bangles - Probably Dynamis-Beauc SuperBoss - Linkerlinker Level 90, R/Ex: Langeleik - I'd bet the Harpy Voidwatch NM... maybe Tier 4 +2 WAR/etc Armor - Probably Voidwrought, and the Tier 4 +2 armor assigned to him probably come from the Harpy Confirmed Voidwatch: Mantodea Harpe - Ogbunabali Ganesha's Mala - I'd put money on Hahava Overall, I'd say SE did a pretty good job of hiding drops from us this update! It has been well over a week and we still don't even have Brown Caskets figured out. Now we're potentially missing one, 17/19 unfound drops. Mislabeled before: Menhit Slacks - Allegedly from a KCNM. Amanita Hairpin - KC30 at Horlais Peak, My bad! As a result of this sorting, now BG wiki's KCNM 

[#328 p17 Byrthnoth 2011-05-23] Tefnut Wand seems likely from Lord Asag. Scuta Mantle almost has to be the turtle. Tonatiuh Axe would probably be Belphoebe then. Also, the latent effect on this axe is probably daytime, given that Tonatiuh is the Aztec sun god.

[#330 p17 ? 2011-05-23] We got a Tonatiuh Axe from lord Asag.

[#367 p19 Malacite 2011-05-26]  lol malacite you live up to your reputation.. ..the Voidwatch system is definitely very PUG friendly, but players still do need to sort out effective strategies to cover procs to best enhance their drops. there are also optimum / easy party setups for various NMs that will influence whether you can/want to bring every single job to proc... I'd say this is way more JP friendly than it is NA friendly because JP players are more accustomed to doing shout parties on 'bigger' events and this non-rivalry suits them perfectly. edit: also, i'd say getting red is the most important part of these battles so you'll always want to have blms, blus, nins and brds.. but i have personal proof of 100% (no red boosts at all) dropping their unique equipment.. so its probably just that base drop % is very low, and boosting to 500% will still be a low number.. (like idk 5% -> 25%) I'm curious to know what the "___ special attacks" is because I've had it come up very often... but its hard to tell since unless its a highly vulnerable proc you're going to see too many nq procs circulating the hints pool... xilk> kinda hard to do controlled tests but I might be able to do a very simple one using sphere: refresh and automaton to check its mp. malacite> 1) there is no tier 5 stratum abyssite. 2) you will not get the title if your stratum abyssite for that path cannot pop the T4 NM yet (ie, stratum abyssite is not IV) Oh, I thought I saw that there was 1 in the .dat mining forum. My mistake then, guess it's just Atmacite that goes up to level 5 then. Simple enough mistake. I still don't understand why not everyone got the title for beating Voidwrought though. EDIT: I'll ask my friend again, but I'm positive he did upgrade his to T4 before we left for the Outer Ruins. He didn't get it for Hahava e

[#369 p19 Malacite 2011-05-26] We had people throwing out Empyrean WS like crazy, and our 2 PLD both had Almace, but one was sporting Aegis and the other Ochain and they were still getting hit pretty damned hard. Not all the NMs are equal though by a long shot - the fucking Antlion T2 in the Maze of Shakrami nearly wiped us because it wouldn't stop spamming Sand Blast & Gravitic Horn. The battle with Lord Asag was even more epic as we got the 30s warning with a good chunk of us dead or weakened when the SCH managed to land 1 final nuke to kill it. Nearly wiped twice to the Voidwrought yet again because of people taking hate resulting in AoE hitting people it shouldn't, but the Tier 1's and the Tier 3 Turtle were very smooth fights. Aspid fight was a total joke actually (we manaburned it). I wouldn't say you NEED Empyreans necessarily, but you really do need 12+ people who know what the fuck they're doing and to not feed these things TP. (Also yeah I double checked the .dat thread and it only goes up to 4 for now, musta been atmacite I was thinking of which again so far has been extremely underwhelming.) The Voidwrought seemingly had less HP than some of the others too, which I thought was odd. But holy shit that thing really dished out the pain. We basically had a PLD on either side of him with their backs to the walls as much as possible to avoid Ballistic Kick or anything like that from hitting the rest of us (it's a very confined space you have to fight him in). The only times the rest of us got hit were when a DD pulled hate and didn't have their back to a wall or were simply too close to the mages for that weird flying move he does with the lasers shooting down in a circle >.>b

[#373 p19 Arthars 2011-05-26]  Also, during the fight with Lord Asag it said that he was vulnerable to Wyvern Bloodpacts so I kept using Smiting Breath (which had worked on the 1st try on the last 2 NMs) and never once staggered him... I was the only DRG there, and at least twice my Wyvern got off his Firebreath just fine (mob wasn't casting etc). Maybe it was because he kept using fire breath and no other element? I didn't have my AF helm on me at the time as I didn't think I'd need it (just my Relic hat for breath potency) wyvern ability is fucked up like SMN's blood pacts u need to get lucky on the right breathes and get lucky on the right pet move....yes average 45 sec per command and you only have 30 mins max to use everything a SMN's avatars have to proc and yea you dont need mad empyreans....you just need 1 very good PLD or 2 normal PLDs, aegis is a great bonus if they have voidwrought is just annoying but he cant instant KO a PLD. pre 50 is annoying as u need 2 erase on 1 tank per arm cannon but its ok as, like i said, he got nothing to KO a PLD instantly if the PLD got aegis. Below 50 hes annoying with eridicator but thats almost like a arm cannon, as a aegis PLD can still survive everything at 800 HP, except u cant erase weakness. However you need stunners for ballistic kick, just like you prepare stunners for hahava's Raksha: Vengence

[#385 p20 Slycer 2011-05-27] Some more results for people interested in drop rates. Each line is one fight: Virvatuli - Nothing (~300% red, 525% blue) Pancimanci - 3x Impatiens (capped lights) Pancimanci - 1x Impatiens (close to cap, don't remember this one) Ogbunabali - 2x Pipilaka Belt (close to capped) Lord Asag - Nothing (close to cap, don't remember) Akupara - 2x Deluxe Animator Voidwrought - Voidwrought Plate, 2x Strendu Ring (capped lights) Voidwrought - Nothing (capped lights) Edit: 16-18 people present for each fight.

[#471 p24 Byrthnoth 2011-06-06] I have notes for all the Tier 3s on BG wiki and links to the original posts. Someone reported that Lord Asag can do Nocturnal Servitude below 50% HP.

[#472 p24 Slycer 2011-06-06] None of them are exactly the same, but they're mostly pretty close. I'm pretty sure they all have stronger/different spells they can cast (e.g. Tonberry can cast Impact). Belphoebe's TP moves were surprisingly strong (the Cyclonic ones and especially Norn Arrows) -- they can take out a lot of people if you aren't paying attention to the TP move order and AoE range. She uses the TP moves in a set order so you can have everyone back off once she's through with the four "Breeze" moves. You can also stun, but she'll use the same move again until it gets off rather than moving ahead in the series. You definitely want people out of the AoE for Norn. Lord Asag definitely does do Servitude, used it two or three times when I fought him. I don't remember if it was only below 50% or not. Tonberry, Malboro, Akupara are fairly similar to the Abyssea ones (Moira likes to use TP moves in quick succession at lower HP, take a couple good stunners).

[#473 p24 Michelob 2011-06-06]  I have notes for all the Tier 3s on BG wiki and links to the original posts. Someone reported that Lord Asag can do Nocturnal Servitude below 50% HP. It can definitely charm over 50% (haven't seen it lower than 75% but I've only fought it twice) but death does appear to be limited to sub 50%. I distinctly remember it charming over 60% even in our last fight because I was watching it's HP waiting waiting for death because I was on stun duty.

[#527 p27 Spira 2011-06-22] im still not sure what it is.. altho whenever i've seen it on NMs and im in a JP party i seem to see them pulling out avatar BPs.. may be a coincidence.. incidentally I don't remember ever seeing 'avatar blood pacts' as a weakness but the ___ special abilities is most definitely a glitch of sorts.. Tomahawk is a WAR ability trigger, so it may have just been a coincidence.. really, any job ability that targets the enemy seems to work, so players shd take note of merit JAs like tomahawk and angon.. Some others are kinda more obvious tho.. BLM JA (ie Enmity Douse) for example. also, i dont think anyone else has either mentioned or encountered this.. but apparently the Cure range of spells count towards proccing light elemental magic if you're fighting anything undead. Pretty sure I got it once on Lord Asag.

[#537 p27 ronin sparthos 2011-06-22]  JP wiki has the latent information, and Radec approximated it as Pet HP<25%, which is the same thing that google translate told me. I don't speak/read Japanese, so in order to find things on JP wiki, I go find the item on FFXIAH and switch it to JP, copy the name, and search it on google with a "site:" restriction. They have the latent effects in red. They also seem to claim Veisa Collar has hidden effect: Amorph killer though, which doesn't seem to be correct. Actually, it looks like they've revised that latent information. New summary is: We don't know. Oh groan. The axe they advertise for the VU has such a terrible latent -_-. Well that saves me time chasing after Lord Asag if that happens to be the case. Veisa Collar drops off the blob so I wouldn't be surprised if it had a hidden latent given slimes are Amorphs or did you run a test and get no procs?

[#638 p32 Alkimi 2011-07-12]  Any information yet on how Synchronic Blitz and/or Treasure Hunter affect alignments? Treasure Hunter appears to give a 1% increase in all lights per TH level. Got 6% for TH6 on THF/WHM. Was using glitch to one-shot Lord Asag solo so don't know if it applies to the whole alliance.

[#1136 p57 6souls 2011-09-27]  Well, sometimes in MMOs we are forced to do shitty content that we really don't want to do for the sake of others. I know, what a silly concept, thinking about how other people feel and taking action based off of that. Zerg. The ls I'm in is in the same situation & we're low-man "zerging" through the first chapter. So far we've only had to CS+Stun & Alex Krabimanjaro, Lord Asag, and Voidwrought. Also, CS+Stun can get you lucky. Triggered a 100% white on Voidwrought yesterday using it.

[#1139 p57 damet 2011-09-27] U wont be able to do lord asag with only 4 actual players...i can tell u that right now

[#1149 p58 Kalasin 2011-09-28]  U wont be able to do lord asag with only 4 actual players...i can tell u that right now If every of those players had a mule, yes you can do it. With 5 players you don't even need a mule unless you get completely unlucky on TP moves and spells at low % (I'm not saying a pickup group can do it, but experienced players can).

[#2229 p112 dannyl 2012-01-23] Can anyone confirm if this is true: I have a alt character who d/c'ed during Tier2 Windy path: Ogbunabali I came back and the gold chest disappeared, I didn't get the credit as the Refiner did not advance my abyssite. However, I continued and participated in all other NMs in the path, Lord Asag -> Akupara -> Voidwrought Someone said that "supposedly" my alt would get path clear credit if I go back and kill Ogbunabali only. Anyone know if this is true ?

[#2234 p112 Spira 2012-01-24]  Can anyone confirm if this is true: I have a alt character who d/c'ed during Tier2 Windy path: Ogbunabali I came back and the gold chest disappeared, I didn't get the credit as the Refiner did not advance my abyssite. However, I continued and participated in all other NMs in the path, Lord Asag -> Akupara -> Voidwrought Someone said that "supposedly" my alt would get path clear credit if I go back and kill Ogbunabali only. Anyone know if this is true ? nope. you have to do NM clears in order of tier, with upgrading done.

