[#1110 p56 Slycer 2011-09-26] Aello drops sword, Uptala drops great katana. Cath Palug drops Ruach Crown and something else Modron drops still unknown. Mimic King drops Salubrious Grip and Affronter Cuisses. Unknown drops from T2 are probably Strobilus, Vimukti Mantle, and Evergreen Earring (the only three level 92 rare items left whose locations haven't been identified). Not really sure on Aello's last drop (nq/hq sword, strobilus earring, and one other thing). All other drops from new VW have now been identified. Edit: It's gotta be Whirlwind Dirs for Aello's last drop, only other 95 ra/ex drop without identified location (plus she's fire based and they have fire resist on them).

[#1117 p56 Khiinroye 2011-09-27] Since I haven't seen any info on the Zilart T2 fights: Cath Palug is pretty easy. We held the adds. The main does normal lynx moves, with Preternatural Glare being conal silence / paralyze damage. I didn't see petrificative breath or blink of peril. Charged whisker does ~600 damage. It can also cast Meteor, but its also ~600 damage. Mimic King starts with his jester and mage. The jester has quite a lot of hp. The mage cast with the king, and the jester used tp with him. While both adds were alive, the king got a curse aura for a short time after using tp. I believe that stopped once we killed the jester. The mage died much faster than the jester after. Neither respawned during the fight. Once the adds were down, it was simple. Modron is the hardest of the three imo. Adds will respawn fairly fast, and have quite a bit of hp, so we ended up holding them both. He does the annoying NM aoe pinecone bomb at whoever he feels like that is in range, though usually it was melee. I didn't see any other tp move, so bringing poison for if you're going to melee would be good. The same goes with his casting--he nukes whoever he feels like. T3: Qilin summons each of his adds one at a time like regular Kirin, and should have them all out by 10 minutes into the fight. No resummons. Each add has an aura. Byakko has blind aura and the usual high evasion as a thf mob. We used Stalwart's drink to deal with that. Suzaku has paralyze and en-amnesia, plus his wind does high damage and silence like the Rocs in dynamis-Qufim. Genbu is Genbu, and has high defense. I'm not sure what his aura is. Seiryu didn't do much, and I'm not sure what his aura was either. The adds do not use their 2hr abilities, nor does Qilin. Qilin isn't too much of a threat by himself, though he does have a strong regen. Al

[#1280 p64 Gippo 2011-10-06] What's the deal with Mimic King. Doing it tonight

[#1291 p65 Karbuncle 2011-10-08] BG wiki lists "Pandora's Curse" from Mimic King only being used under 50%. Just fought it, and it was its ~first TP move around 90% HP. So it seems to be able to use it from beginning to end.

