[#996 p50 Khiinroye 2011-09-21] Calcitrant Stole from Neith (Zilart T1, Uggalepih) Gram from Ildebrann (Zilart T1, Ifrit's Cauldron) Valseur's ring from Holy Moly (Zilart T1, Yuhtunga jungle)

[#1010 p51 Tambor 2011-09-22] Doing the Zilart VW later today and just want to see if anyone can answer these questions. What is the sabotender's HP like and how is damage on him? If you kill off 1 of the adds from a boss and hold the other, will they still resummon the second add? Will leaving adds up stop them using the move that resummons them (Holy Moly's charmga for example)? Haven't seen anything about Neith, is it just a diremite w/ Tarsal Slam? If you stun the TP move that repops adds will this stop them from popping?

[#1011 p51 xerodok 2011-09-22]  Haven't seen anything about Neith, is it just a diremite w/ Tarsal Slam? If you stun the TP move that repops adds will this stop them from popping? It's similar to the boss of Abyssea - Ulegerand. The spider pets are extremely weak and constantly respawns then with TP moves. I wouldn't say you can even stun them because they're so fast.

[#1038 p52 Mahoro 2011-09-23] Because I don't think anyone has covered him here, Neith was a relative pushover compared to that horrible wyrm Ildebrann. Pretty much Resheph on crack, using the same moves such as Spinning Top. Tarsal Slam is the big one to look out for, dropping tank HP to 1 and requiring fast Cures. The Spider adds appear to WS at the same time Neith does, and usually Sickle Slash. So if any adds are up when Tarsal Slam fires off, the people who have just been Slammed might be in immediate danger. Other than that, no surprises. In 1 run, we got 4 Prolix Rings and 2 Calcitrant Stoles. WTF @ random bounty of loot. I think it's the most drops we've ever gotten for 1 mob. By the way, what setups are people using for Ildebrann? We had a normal proccing alliance because we were working on multiple mobs, but soon figured out that the best way to do this one is the strat someone posted previously, i.e., keep one add alive and fight him in the air. Are people doing all RNG/COR/BLM/SMN, obviously with proper support?

[#1078 p54 Sekundes 2011-09-25] BG Wiki has Neith as being assisted by 4 Neith's Bobbins. I'm almost certain that it is 5. Not sure if it varies or if it is always 5. I'll be doing it several more times so I'll confirm.

[#1088 p55 Spira 2011-09-26] JP wiki reports Dilaram's Sollerets as the last drop from Pil. Anyone can confirm? Also, for some strange reason Moon Amulet is listed as a drop from Akvan too (its already a lv50 drop from Shadow Eye), which is totally weird. Can anyone confirm this? and lastly Strophadic Earring, supposed to be from Aello. Its kinda odd they haven't gotten any drops from Zilart T2s listed at all tho.. edit: for the Neith's Bobbin thing, maybe I'm to blame cos when I first scouted i coulda sworn i saw only 4 of them... but when you die immediately after they pop and they clusterfuck its hard to tell. Its probably 5.

[#1093 p55 Odin'sLaw 2011-09-26]  JP wiki reports Dilaram's Sollerets as the last drop from Pil. Anyone can confirm? Also, for some strange reason Moon Amulet is listed as a drop from Akvan too (its already a lv50 drop from Shadow Eye), which is totally weird. Can anyone confirm this? and lastly Strophadic Earring, supposed to be from Aello. Its kinda odd they haven't gotten any drops from Zilart T2s listed at all tho.. edit: for the Neith's Bobbin thing, maybe I'm to blame cos when I first scouted i coulda sworn i saw only 4 of them... but when you die immediately after they pop and they clusterfuck its hard to tell. Its probably 5. did neith last night after the starting spawns when she does a tp move it can change from 1-5 even at low hp we was still only getting 2 popping

[#2055 p103 pldhighlulu 2012-01-03] so, what strategies are people using to kill ildebrann? i was doing my first zilart path run and tore through both holy moly and neith extremely easy, but this tiamat style dragon just seemed so much stronger than any of the others. can it be taken down with a random assortment of jobs like most other VW nm's or should i be treating it like a full on wyrm fight? also, is there a better place to fight him than at the voiuvre spawn?

[#2057 p103 Taint 2012-01-03]  so, what strategies are people using to kill ildebrann? i was doing my first zilart path run and tore through both holy moly and neith extremely easy, but this tiamat style dragon just seemed so much stronger than any of the others. can it be taken down with a random assortment of jobs like most other VW nm's or should i be treating it like a full on wyrm fight? also, is there a better place to fight him than at the voiuvre spawn? An easy way to kill is just Nuke,RNG,COR him in the air until 25%, find an easy proc, drop him, proc him and zerg. For the Fighters vs Chaos I could see where a WAR would want chaos due to the diminished returns from extra DA. DRK hits crazy high attack numbers from gear,food,LR,Endark etc. SAM gets Shoha and a 20/80 WS spread.

