[#45 p3 Spira 2011-05-10] my thoughts are the same.. 6 abyssite that aren't bought and 9 atma. edit: based on the reports, both Cottus and Sarimanok drop the same abyssite, so it could be shared between tier 1s of the same path. hypo testing could be done if we can get abyssite from Ushumgal based on what i can gather from names.. Ushumgal is supposedly a dragon biting its tail, or something.. I kinda have doubts they'd reuse the new dragon skins so early, so i'd say its probably a red amphiptere like Amhuluk (who is also supposed to be a dragon). Its only tier 1 so i hope people pop it soon. Ogbunabali is a death deity, so maybe Titlacauan corse, idk. Belphoebe is likely a faerie, but i wasnt sure which model to use. queen or unseelie. would be great if people started doing this.. also because they should start their 20hr countdown timer

[#214 p11 Khiinroye 2011-05-15] Atmacite of Eminence from Hahava. No drops of note in the chest. This one costs 30k > 30k > 40k > 50k to enrich, but is less useless than my other one. Final lights were Blue 250% (+150%) Red 500% (+150%) Yellow 225% (+0%) Green 225% (+0%) White 75% I was surprised it wasn't a sphere effect one. I guess it does line up with the order in the dats. From that pattern, I would assume devotion is from Belphoebe, persistence from Kholomodumo, temperance from Akupara, and discipline from Voidwrought. Vivi periapt of intensity from Krabimanjaro. This leaves vivid periapt of focus for Ogbunabali.

[#215 p11 Spira 2011-05-16] yup.. based on the pattern from the atmacite list, i filled in everything like u said (altho not true until actually proven) As for the periapts, i'd actually filled in the list too, cos JPs reported focus on Ogbunabali.. so this is double confirmation. sounds like Celaeno could be easily taken down by a party of SMNs and maybe a few BSTs heh. Giving me ideas already. To those that have done Seymour often is there any recommended strat for him? He's disgusting in a pet-based party (I think mainly cos no player is tanking and when pets die due to Mud Stream spam) but other T1 NMs were much much easier. Also on a different note, Atmacite Refiner teles are actually kinda nice. 1000cruor a pop yes, and pointless if you're in the town closest to the Tier 1 NM u wanna go to.. but when u have them unlocked, he sends you to the entrance of dungeons, which is kinda nice.. gives an alternative (albeit an expensive one) to OP tele to the ballista zones, but most useful of all, is that it provides the most quick and reliable way for travel between the 3 cities - one that doesnt depend on using items, charges or kupowers

[#248 p13 Spira 2011-05-19] Im going to say papalika is from ogbunabali. makes some sense seeing as its plantoid killer and the nm is vermin.. also because as far as we've seen, the tier 1 NMs only seem to have 1 unique eq drop. Reports from the JP side.. Roller's Ring from Cottus, as predicted by pattern... also for all you PUP out there who have been wondering, Deluxe Animator drops from Akupara.

[#252 p13 Dakana 2011-05-19]  Im going to say papalika is from ogbunabali. makes some sense seeing as its plantoid killer and the nm is vermin.. also because as far as we've seen, the tier 1 NMs only seem to have 1 unique eq drop. Reports from the JP side.. Roller's Ring from Cottus, as predicted by pattern... also for all you PUP out there who have been wondering, Deluxe Animator drops from Akupara. Ohhhhh. What does it do? Please say an actual PUP got it.

[#293 p15 Byrthnoth 2011-05-21] So how many more drops are we expecting from Voidwatch? We think we have a Tier 3 with 3 drops (Kholo) and a Tier 2 with 2 drops (Lorb) If we assume: Tier 1 - 1 drop Tier 2 - 2 drops Tier 3 - 3 drops (or 2 for non-synth mobs) Tier 4 - 4 drops then we're looking at 8 missing drops. This post implies that we're missing 6 drops from Dynamis. This page implies that we're missing 4 drops from brown caskets. Now carved up for your viewing pleasure! 4 drops from Voidwatch (Belphoebe/Melancholic Moira/Lord Asag/Akupara). Scuta Cape - Unknown, probably from Akupara Tefnut Wand - Could be Brown casket like Metasorma Katars (87, many jobs) Tonatiuh Axe - Same as above Anger Bomblet - Could be anywhere Brown Casket: Bond Cape - Toraimarai Brown Casket Field Torque - Brown Casket Cocoon Band - CN Brown Casket (FFFFF I've spent like 5 days there)? Chocobo Rope - Definitely brown casket, which means at least one of the above four isn't. Dynamis-Beauc?: Khthonios Helm - Confirmed Dynamis - Beaucidine Khthonios Mask - See above Khthonios Gloves - See above Chtonic Staff - Possibly boss Avesta Bangles - Probably Dynamis-Beauc SuperBoss - Linkerlinker Level 90, R/Ex: Langeleik - I'd bet the Harpy Voidwatch NM... maybe Tier 4 +2 WAR/etc Armor - Probably Voidwrought, and the Tier 4 +2 armor assigned to him probably come from the Harpy Confirmed Voidwatch: Mantodea Harpe - Ogbunabali Ganesha's Mala - I'd put money on Hahava Overall, I'd say SE did a pretty good job of hiding drops from us this update! It has been well over a week and we still don't even have Brown Caskets figured out. Now we're potentially missing one, 17/19 unfound drops. Mislabeled before: Menhit Slacks - Allegedly from a KCNM. Amanita Hairpin - KC30 at Horlais Peak, My bad! As a result of this sorting, now BG wiki's KCNM 

[#306 p16 Byrthnoth 2011-05-21]  Any idea where Tonatiuh axe comes from yet? think it's gonna be voidwatch or treasure chests? Voidwatch, if the recent reports from JP wiki are correct. The JP wiki reports are no less reputable than the other reports we've had, so I'm inclined to believe them in general. Having brown caskets knocked out leaves: 5 drops from Voidwatch (Belphoebe/Melancholic Moira/Lord Asag/Akupara/Ogbunabali), 3 drops from Brown Caskets. Missing one item for some reason: Scuta Cape - Unknown, possibly from Akupara? Tefnut Wand Tonatiuh Axe Mantodea Harpe - Same as above <-- Spira suspects Ogbunabali Anger Bomblet Dynamis-Beauc?: Khthonios Helm - There are three of these, and the only thing missing that much information is Dynamis - Beaucidine Khthonios Mask - See above Khthonios Gloves - See above Chtonic Staff - Possibly boss Avesta Bangles - Probably Dynamis-Beauc SuperBoss - Linkerlinker Level 90, R/Ex: Langeleik - I'd bet the Harpy Voidwatch NM... maybe Tier 4 +2 WAR/etc Armor - Probably Voidwrought, and the Tier 4 +2 armor assigned to him probably come from the Harpy

[#316 p16 Spira 2011-05-22] JP reports Mantodea Harpe and Pipilaka Belt on Ogbunabali, so thats confirmed.

[#385 p20 Slycer 2011-05-27] Some more results for people interested in drop rates. Each line is one fight: Virvatuli - Nothing (~300% red, 525% blue) Pancimanci - 3x Impatiens (capped lights) Pancimanci - 1x Impatiens (close to cap, don't remember this one) Ogbunabali - 2x Pipilaka Belt (close to capped) Lord Asag - Nothing (close to cap, don't remember) Akupara - 2x Deluxe Animator Voidwrought - Voidwrought Plate, 2x Strendu Ring (capped lights) Voidwrought - Nothing (capped lights) Edit: 16-18 people present for each fight.

[#608 p31 Byrthnoth 2011-07-09] I pulled everything from this thread onto BG wiki, and I think there have been a few additions by people since then: https://www.bg-wiki.com/bg/Category:Voidwatch On that note, we're missing strategy notes for: Cottus, Pancimanci, and Ogbunabali If our more hardcore contributors to this thread wanted to look through all the strategy notes and add stuff, that'd be awesome.

[#818 p41 Tachi 2011-08-11] No, EA/Scherzo is only useful on Ogbunabali (Gravitic Horn), Murk-Veined Baneberry (Throat Stab), Kholomodumo (Meteor), Hahava (unblocked Oblivion, after Vengeance), Voidwrought (Ballistic Kick, after Eradicator) and perhaps Belphoebe (after Norn Arrows) and Celaeno (Ravenous Wail, after Typhoean Rage), nothing else.

[#2147 p108 Slycer 2012-01-11]  fanatics can't block that dumb pinecome bomb from the tree NM in boyahda, but yeah. Also doesn't block Gravitic Horn on Ogbunabali. Not that anyone cares about that NM.

[#2229 p112 dannyl 2012-01-23] Can anyone confirm if this is true: I have a alt character who d/c'ed during Tier2 Windy path: Ogbunabali I came back and the gold chest disappeared, I didn't get the credit as the Refiner did not advance my abyssite. However, I continued and participated in all other NMs in the path, Lord Asag -> Akupara -> Voidwrought Someone said that "supposedly" my alt would get path clear credit if I go back and kill Ogbunabali only. Anyone know if this is true ?

[#2231 p112 Kaisha 2012-01-23]  Someone said that "supposedly" my alt would get path clear credit if I go back and kill Ogbunabali only. Anyone know if this is true ? You only get credit for kills on your current tier, that is it.

[#2234 p112 Spira 2012-01-24]  Can anyone confirm if this is true: I have a alt character who d/c'ed during Tier2 Windy path: Ogbunabali I came back and the gold chest disappeared, I didn't get the credit as the Refiner did not advance my abyssite. However, I continued and participated in all other NMs in the path, Lord Asag -> Akupara -> Voidwrought Someone said that "supposedly" my alt would get path clear credit if I go back and kill Ogbunabali only. Anyone know if this is true ? nope. you have to do NM clears in order of tier, with upgrading done.

