[#975 p49 Slycer 2011-09-20]  Can you ask whoever got the Paguroidea ring how much the regen effect is? 2/tick Mollusca Mantle off Tangaroa also, good piece. The bonus from killing the adds is to enhance the alignment gained from any procs until the bonus wears off. That's why you see numbers like 30% or higher on some staggers that would normally be 20% after you killed some of the adds. More bonus for killing more of the adds (will say something like "2-chain").

[#982 p50 Slycer 2011-09-21] In case anyone cares, Tangaroa is kind of a joke. As I said in a previous post, the effect of killing pets in the Zilart fights is that any staggers you proc for a short time after pets die will be enhanced and give more alignment. For example, a proc which would normally have given 20% light gave 30% light instead. This effect is increased by killing more adds within the window (message will say "alignment blitz: 2-chain," or something like that, etc.).

[#988 p50 Alkimi 2011-09-21]  In case anyone cares, Tangaroa is kind of a joke. As I said in a previous post, the effect of killing pets in the Zilart fights is that any staggers you proc for a short time after pets die will be enhanced and give more alignment. For example, a proc which would normally have given 20% light gave 30% light instead. This effect is increased by killing more adds within the window (message will say "alignment blitz: 2-chain," or something like that, etc.). Assuming by this then that the adds don't have much HP but are re-summoned often?

[#989 p50 Slycer 2011-09-21] Honestly the adds for Tangaroa reminded me of standard EP/DC mobs. I was on BLM and they did not hit very hard at all. They have more HP than a standard mob, but they still go down fast. I don't know if this is the case for all tier 1 Zilart battles or just this one, but I'd imagine it's for all of them (would be kind of hard to focus on tanking four separate mobs at once, etc.). I don't know whether the adds were resummoned at certain HP levels or after a certain amount of time, but I think we killed the adds 3 or 4 times total in the one fight we did. I'll have better information when we go back to redo some of these battles, last night we were just going for clears so we only did each fight once. I'm sure we'll be doing this one a lot as many people are interested in Mollusca Mantle (and with good reason). He has something weird going on with a Doom Aura, but it never lasted long enough on anyone to kill them. Not sure what that was about.

[#1441 p73 Slycer 2011-10-21] If you're starting from scratch, I recommend that you go get Ashen Stratum Abyssite, and do one kill each from the Elshimo T1 and Zepwell T1 regions. Easiest ones are probably Holy Moly in Yuhtunga Jungle and Tangaroa in Kuftal Tunnel. Getting those key items will make the older fights and many of the newer ones a breeze. Definitely do that before you start up with the Jeuno fights.

