[#2421 p122 Kutsurabi 2012-03-26] Vanasarvik in Mount Z. - ToAU VW T1 http://i39.tinypic.com/ru5hqc.png Uses this move and Grating Tantara, the former Silences the latter Amnesias and both are AoE. This damage was done to an Ochain PLD and both moves are negated by Fanatics Drink. EDIT: Also uses Frenetic Adds summoned and resummoned upon use of Bugle Call. Hate is shared to some degree, not sure of the conditions however.

[#2435 p122 Kutsurabi 2012-03-26] Dimgruzub Qutrub in Aht Urghan VW T1 in Arrapago Reef. Dimgruzub is a Qutrub and has 2 "pets" that pop along with it both named "Assassin's Apprentice" that only use a "cleave" type attack as their normal move at a low delay which seems to Stun its target. Stun is blocked by Ochain. KIs Obtained: Atmacite of the Assassin and Dusky Periapt of Catalysis Drops: Ghadhab Nails Aluh Jambiya and F.Abjuration: Lg. Vanasarvik Imp in Mount Z. - ToAU VW T1 Uses Stifling and Grating Tantara, the former Silences the latter Amnesias and both are AoE. This damage was done to an Ochain PLD and both moves are negated by Fanatics Drink. Main NM and pets also use Frenetic. Adds summoned and resummoned upon use of Bugle Call. Hate is shared to some degree, not sure of the conditions however. They use TP moves in sync with the main NM and each Tantara does about 500-600~ damage KIs Obtained: Atmacite of Aplomb and Neutral Periapt of Frontiers Drops: Aredan Earring Seiokona Beret A. Abj: Hn. Yalangur Colibri in Mamook - ToAU VW T1 BRD Mob that seems to cast all BRD songs (did not cast Virelai). Uses Tropic Tenor, a high damage move (1k~) that lowers all Stat Buffs. Levels up after eating someone's food. Summoned one Predatory Colibri that only casted Firaja and later another that only casted Thundaja KIs Obtained: Atmacite of the Tropics and Dusky Periapt of Concentration Drops: Ereptor Lance C. Abj: Hn. Brekekekex Porogo in Caedarva Mire - ToAU VW T1 Pretty much the same as every Porogo. Summoned 6 Chorus Toads. KIs Obtained: Atmacite of Curses and Dusky periapt of Focus Drops: Punishing Gloves Slipor Sash

[#2562 p129 Asymptotic 2012-03-28] Strategic Notes: Promathia Route T1 Lufaise Meadows: Abunnunu (Demon) + Gloam Servitor (WAR) and Gloam Servitor (BLM) (Demons) This fight is not hard at all. The WAR pet will sync up TP moves with the main NM, and the BLM pet will cast when the main NM decides to cast (apparently). Either way, you can either zerg the BLM pet, or just have a PLD hold both of them. Uses Accurst Spear which is AoE damage and curse and Hellborn Yawp which is AoE damage and (knockback?). Also uses condemnation (damage + decent duration stun) and possibly other demon TP moves. All NMs have fairly high attack/base damage, but as long as you have fanatics up you won't be taking much damage. Suggested Strategy: Nothing special. Just hold pets, or have DD kill mage pet, and then destroy the main NM. It's probably just easier to hold the pets. You really only need one PLD. Misareaux Coast: Tsui-Goab (Albino Mantis) + Bloodswiller Fly x 2 This is similar to any other mantis fight. It's absolutely essential to hold the flies far away from the main NM. It will use its unique TP move (Exorender) which will kill any fly pets that it hits. If a fly dies at any point, Tsui-Goab will level up. Other than that, this is a standard mantis fight. Proc + kill. Strategy: Hold pets at a considerable distance from NM with a PLD. Other than that, treat like a higher-level Kaggen that doesn't use Death Prophet. Dispel preying posture. Uleguerand Range: Isarukitsck + Little Wingman (x3) Poison potions are a good idea on this NM, but they're not compulsory. The main issue here is the unique move Whiteout which is AoE Zombie, Sleep, and Damage. It also uses Yawn (Gaze sleep), Frigid shuffle (Paralyze), and Beak Lunge. It may also use Wing Whirl and Wing Slap, but I'm not sure. The pets can definitely use these. The pe

[#2657 p133 Slycer 2012-04-02] I added complete notes based on fight logs for all of the tier 1 Aht Urhgan mobs to BG Wiki (Brekekekex, Yalungur, Vanasarvik, and Dimgruzub) including unique TP moves and behaviors as well as spell lists. I think most everything is complete, except I was not able to determine the effects of Vanasarvik's unique TP move "Dark Recital" as everyone had Fanatic's Drink up when he tried to use it. Does anyone know if it's just AoE damage? I assume some status effects are associated as well. Only fought Yalungur once and did not see any drop besides Ereptor Lance, so I'm not sure if there is an associated second drop (if it's like the rest, there should be some rare/ex armor piece in addition to the rare weapon (Ereptor Lance)). Maybe it's the Gardyloo pants? The update notes said "The item Gardyloo Pants is undergoing attribute adjustments and thus cannot be obtained."

[#3412 p171 dasva 2012-08-08] So I'm getting bored waiting for rare synth material to appear. So what are the odds of me being able to solo Tsui-Goab and Vanasarvik with displacers? If good how many? Same with triboxing with a whm and a sch Oh main I'd probably bring war or rng though I could do aegis pld for longer fight and try super tank killing

[#3415 p171 Fake 2012-08-09]  So I'm getting bored waiting for rare synth material to appear. So what are the odds of me being able to solo Tsui-Goab and Vanasarvik with displacers? If good how many? Same with triboxing with a whm and a sch Oh main I'd probably bring war or rng though I could do aegis pld for longer fight and try super tank killing If you are dead set on this then they are probably quite easy to tri box with 5/5 clusters, one thing to watch out for is Tsui will try to eat his pets and level up (this may make him bad even at 5/5?) and Vanasarvik has 6 imps that pop and use tp together I believe. They have considerably more hp and are considerably more dangerous than jeuno T5s from memory.

